that sounds really good
I'm going down to the
mailbox insert the letter it is
you're all right he just me
meanwhile love on a drums
I'm going under the mailbox
but I do not take any keys with you
I come back knocking hear the door
you're so good that a good rhythm right away
that's a very good rhythm I'm not
a lot rock band play
I'll try something else
rhythm other than completely different as
true that the rhythm is just fine
I also know a rhythm, I bet that
I can play too
really great as if someone at the
Door is probably a moment equal
go on
then I'll check if anyone at the
Hubert's door is on the door
I knocked that no, that was mine
aunt of course yes I have the door
knocked and you just let me
she was always out there
eternity you know what mountain was klop
his fantastic rhythm on the
door
We will be a great duo together
really me on the drums and you on the drums
door must keysberg 12